Life being very short, we ought not to waste time.
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
My father has been living in Nagoya for 30 years.
The average man fails not because he lacks ability, but because he lacks ability to concentrate.
Would the girls please bring the donation boxes up to the stage?
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
A man came over and asked if I was OK.
I didn't get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.
Her husband intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
How long are you going to be in Oxford for?
For Valentine's day, I used rose petals to spell out my sweetheart's name.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
I called you, on the one hand to invite you out to eat, and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married.
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed.
Before I start doing small talk, I'd rather not talk at all.
The Xinhong River is longer than any river in Japan.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.
From reading good books we can derive pleasure, friendship, experience and instruction.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
Houses made of wood are the easiest to catch on fire.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel.
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
Because the entrance was locked, we couldn't enter the house.
Of course, I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan, but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks.
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
It's fine, just make sure you don't say that again.
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday.
I didn't have time to cook dinner tonight, so I went out and bought a box meal.
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
If so, then there's no problem at all, is there?
If you’re going to be like this I’ll just leave.
Don't you think the name "The Sacred War" sounds a bit sarcastic?
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
However, compared to that in cities, rural use of online news, search engines, online shopping, online banking, online stocks and so on is much lower.
If you're going to say it, you have to say it with force, and take away your opponent's ability to retaliate.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America?
The substance is light enough to float on the water.
Because of a flaw in the original design, our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
It is better to do well than to say well.
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest!
The area around the melting ice cream was crawling with ants.
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.
St Mark's Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer.
There is a castle in the background of the picture.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
Something you should know about me is that I'm afraid of heights.
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
She came to Tokyo with a view to getting a new job.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
I'd like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
If one day you leave, I will be very sad.
It is a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
We have optimized the database indexing, and as a result, system efficiency has improved by 50%.
Women like men the way they like their coffee: strong and hot to keep them awake all night long.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
We love our mother almost without knowing it, without feeling it, as it is as natural as to live.
It is sometimes hard to choose between dreams and reality.
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
He took out the wallet from his inside jacket pocket.
The Romans would never have had enough time for conquering the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of "Money for Nothing".
