Who is the current president of the United States of America?
Who wrote the Walden?
Who founded Apple, Inc.?
Who is the first man on the moon?
Who founded the Black Panthers organization?
Who discovered prions?
Who are the members of the Rat Pack?
Who did Queen Victoria marry?
Who were the leaders of the French Revolution?
Who ended the Vietnam War?
Who founded Google?
Who launched Facebook?
Who created Amazon?
Who is the vice president of the United States?
Who is the president of France?
Who is the president of China?
Who is the father of C plus plus, the programming language?
Who invented the telephone?
Who created the periodic table?
Who designed the first car?
Who is the richest person in the world?
Who is the Greek mathematician that developed geometry?
Who discovered the South Pole?
Who discovered neutron?
Who successful predicted the regular protein secondary structures?
Who first identified and isolated DNA?
Who is the author of the Harry Potter series?
Who is the author of the Canterbury Tales?
Who wrote A Brief History of Time?
Who wrote the Declaration of Independence?
Who composed Für Elise?
Who composed Piano Concerto No.5?
Who presented the Twin Earth thought experiment?
Who led the Confederate Army in the US Civil War?
Who led the Cuban Revolution in 1961?
Who is the first emperor of the Roman Empire?
Who is the leader of Italy during the world war 2?
Who is the last emperor of China?
Who is the last leader of the Soviet Union?
Who designed the Statue of Liberty?
When was Xi JinPing born?
When was Louis Tomlinson born?
When did Albert Einstein die?
When did Mary Todd Lincoln die?
When will the next iPhone come out?
When was the first Super Bowl held?
When was the Munich agreement made?
When is Easter Sunday in 2014?
When was the first flight of the Wright brothers?
When was the Halley's Comet discovered?
When did Mike Tyson win the title?
When was the University of Michigan founded?
When did Hawaii become a state?
When did the Boston Massacre happen?
When did Bill Gates get married?
When was the first mobile phone invented?
When was the first Disneyland opened?
When was Bloodline published?
When was Minecraft released to the public?
When was the Standard Oil company formed?
Where is Steve Jobs buried?
Where is Abraham Lincoln buried?
Where was Jack Ma born?
Where was Hillary Clinton born?
Where was Brie Larson born?
Where was William Shakespeare born?
Where was the first KFC opened?
Where was the first movie theater in the US?
Where are the Headquarters of Facebook located?
Where are the Headquarters of Intel?
Where does Barack Obama live?
Where will the 2016 Summer Olympics be held?
Where did Islam originate?
Where is the River Nile located?
Where is an adults-only Club Med?
Where did Christopher Columbus die?
Where did Zedong Mao die?
Where did Vladimir Lenin die?
Where did Winston Churchill die?
Where did Adolf Hitler die?
What was the number one song on the Billboard Top 100 in 2014?
What is the most famous painting by Leonardo Da Vinci?
What nationality is Ted Cruz?
What did Ludwig van Beethoven compose?
What is the last book of the Bible?
What is the total length of the Golden Gate Bridge?
What is the most populated city in the world?
What is the homosexual residential area in San Francisco called?
What is the Avogadro's Constant?
What sport does David Beckham play?
How many weeks are there in a year?
How many passengers does Bay Area Rapid Transit serve annually?
How many people died in World War 1?
How many employees does Google have?
How many cups are in a quart?
How many megabytes is 1 gigabyte?
How much water is there in the Lake Erie?
How much does Earth weigh?
How often does a woman have a period?
How fast does a cheetah run?

